Brandly sounds like a great project! It seems like you're building an
e-commerce app that prioritizes clean code architecture, great UI, and a
smooth user experience with features like a theme switcher and full cart
functionality. Using Flutter and BLoC (Business Logic Component) will
also help keep the app maintainable and scalable.

Here's a more detailed breakdown of the features you might want to
consider implementing to enhance user experience and functionality for
your app:

Core Features User Authentication

Sign up, login, and authentication with email, Google, or Facebook.
Password recovery/reset functionality. Product Listing

Categories: Product sorting based on categories. Filters/Sorting: Filter
products by price, rating, and category, etc. Product Detail Page:
Detailed view with images, descriptions, price, and reviews. Cart
Functionality

Add to Cart: Users can easily add products to their cart. Cart
Management: Users can update quantities, remove items, or clear the
cart. Total Price Calculation: Display subtotal, tax, and shipping cost.
Cart Persistence: Store cart data even if the app is closed. Checkout
and Payment

Address Management: Add and save shipping addresses. Payment Gateway
Integration: Support for various payment methods (Stripe, PayPal, etc.).
Order Summary: Confirm details before finalizing the order.
Wishlist/Favorites

Users can save products they like for later. Option to share products
from the wishlist. Theme Change Functionality

Allow users to switch between light and dark modes. Maybe add custom
themes or personalized color settings. User Experience (UI/UX) Smooth
Animations: Use Flutter's powerful animation library to make transitions
between screens smooth and intuitive. Eye-Catching UI: Prioritize clean
and modern design, keeping in mind the user's ease of use. Product Image
Carousels Floating Action Buttons (FAB) for adding items to the cart.
Snackbars/Toasts for notifications when an item is added to the cart or
an action is completed. Architecture Clean Architecture: With BLoC,
you'll be separating business logic from the UI, which ensures
scalability. Structure your app with the following layers: Presentation
Layer (UI): Handles the display of data, user interactions. Domain
Layer: Contains business logic and domain models (pure Dart classes).
Data Layer: Handles data fetching, storing, and interacting with
remote/local storage (e.g., Firebase, SQLite). BLoC (Business Logic
Component): Will manage the app's state effectively, ensuring that UI
components are responsive to changes in business logic. Example: When a
user adds an item to the cart, the cart bloc will update the cart's
state and notify the UI. Additional Features Push Notifications

Send push notifications for promotions, order status updates, or when
items are back in stock. Search Functionality

Implement a search bar with auto-suggestions, filters, and search
history. Analytics

Track user behavior to help personalize the shopping experience (like
frequently bought products or categories). Multi-Language Support

If applicable, add internationalization to support different languages.
Backend Integration

If using a backend, you can integrate APIs to manage user accounts,
products, orders, and payments securely. Firebase or a custom backend
could be used for user management and product storage. Flutter Packages
to Consider:

firebase_auth: For authentication. cloud_firestore: For storing and
fetching product details. provider or get_it: For dependency injection.
flutter_bloc: To manage BLoC logic. flutter_local_notifications: For
push notifications. flutter_stripe: To handle payments.
shared_preferences: To store local data, like user preferences or cart
details.
